Refactor description of span kind (#4088)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/trace/api.md

## SpanKind

`SpanKind` describes the relationship between Spans that are correlated via
parent/child relationships or span links.  `SpanKind` describes two independent
properties that benefit tracing systems during analysis.

The first property described by `SpanKind` reflects whether, from the point of
view of the library that is being instrumented, a Span sends a message or
request (CLIENT and PRODUCER spans), or whether a Span receives or handles
a message or request (SERVER and CONSUMER spans).  Spans with a remote
parent or remote incoming link are interesting because they are sources of

> external load.  Spans with a remote child remote ougoing links are interesting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
external load.  Spans with a remote child or remote outgoing links are interesting
```
